docs: Prepare Changelog for 8.17.7 (#44468)
elastic/beats: CHANGELOG.asciidoc

:issue: https://github.com/elastic/beats/issues/
:pull: https://github.com/elastic/beats/pull/

[[release-notes-8.17.7]]
=== Beats version 8.17.7
https://github.com/elastic/beats/compare/v8.17.6\...v8.17.7[View commits]

==== Bugfixes

> *Affecting all Beats*
> 
> - 'add_cloud_metadata' processor - improve AWS provider HTTP client overriding to support custom certificate bundle handling. {pull}44189[44189]
> 
> *Auditbeat*
> 
> - system/package: Fix an error that can occur while migrating the internal package database schema. {issue}44294[44294] {pull}44296[44296]
> 
> *Filebeat*
> 
> - Fixed a websocket panic scenario which would occur after exhausting max retries. {pull}44342[44342]
> 
> ==== Added
> 
> *Metricbeat*
> 
> - Added checks for the Resty response object in all Meraki module API calls to ensure proper handling of nil responses. {pull}44193[44193]
> - Add `enable_batch_api` option in azure monitor to allow metrics collection of multiple resources using azure batch API. {pull}41790[41790]
> - Add support for `_nodes/stats` URIs that work with legacy versions of Elasticsearch. {pull}44307[44307]
> - Add latency config option to Azure Monitor module. {pull}44366[44366]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Affecting all Beats*

- Fix the 'add_cloud_metadata' processor to better support custom certificate bundles by improving how the AWS provider HTTP client is overridden. {pull}44189[44189]

*Auditbeat*

- Fix a potential error in the system/package component that could occur during internal package database schema migration. {issue}44294[44294] {pull}44296[44296]

*Filebeat*

- Fix a WebSocket panic scenario that occured after exhausting the maximum number of retries. {pull}44342[44342]

==== Added

*Metricbeat*

- Add checks for the Resty response object in all Meraki module API calls to ensure proper handling of nil responses. {pull}44193[44193]
- Add `enable_batch_api` option in the Azure monitor module to allow metrics collection of multiple resources using Azure batch API. {pull}41790[41790]
- Add support for `_nodes/stats` URIs compatible with legacy Elasticsearch versions. {pull}44307[44307]
- Add a latency configuration option to the Azure Monitor module. {pull}44366[44366]
```
